add more api documentation (#146)
nautobot/nautobot-app-device-onboarding: docs/user/app_use_cases.md

A new device can be onboarded via :

- A job execution. 

> - An API, via a `POST` to `/api/extras/jobs/Perform%20Device%20Onboarding/run` or `/api/extras/jobs/{id}/run` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- API, via a `POST` to `/api/extras/jobs/Perform%20Device%20Onboarding/run` or `/api/extras/jobs/{id}/run` 
```

!!! note

>     The Device Onboarding Job's ID (UUID) will be different per deployment. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The Device Onboarding Job's ID (UUID) will be different per Nautobot instance. 
```

### Consult the Status of Onboarding Tasks

> The status of onboarding jobs can be viewed via the corresponding Job-Results under the Jobs page in Nautobot. 
> - Via the UI via Job-Results
> - Via the API via Job-Results

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The status of onboarding jobs can be viewed via the UI (Jobs > Job Results) or retrieved via API (`/api/extras/job-results/`) with each process corresponding to an individual Job-Result object.
```
